Release v202211 (#305)
precice/tutorials: CHANGELOG.md

- Added a CI workflow to automatically update the website every time there are new documentation changes [#267](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/267)
- Added a gitignore for code and binaries [#290](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/290).
- Added more documentation [#264](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/264), [#265](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/265), [#266](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/266) and fixed some typos [#285](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/285).

### Changed

- Adapted the multiple-perpendicular-flaps tutorial to a [new naming convention](https://precice.org/community-contribute-to-precice.html#contributing-tutorials) for tutorials with multiple participants [#303](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/303).
- Adapted the material properties of the FEniCS case in elastic-tube-3d to match the CalculiX case results [#259](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/issues/259).
- Adapted the solid case of the Quickstart tutorial to work with the Intel oneAPI C++ compiler [#291](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/291).

> - Updated the Nutils cases [#295](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/295), [#298](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/298).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Made the Nutils case of the partitioned heat conduction tutorial compatible with Nutils versions 6 to 8 [#295](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/295), [#298](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/298).
```

@IshaanDesai Correct? The other Nutils cases do not yet have this compatibility, right?

Reviewer 2: True, @MakisH just pointed out that the Nutils fluid solver in `perpendicular-flap/fluid-nutils` does not work with Nutilv v7.0 and needs v6.3. I am looking into whether updating all the cases is feasible.
